Added descriptions to the concept topics (#9084)
gardener/gardener: docs/concepts/resource-manager.md

---
title: Resource Manager

> description: Learn more about the component that creates, updates, and deletes Kubernetes resources in a target cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn more about the central component that exists once per gardener landscape and hosts controllers next to the gardener apiserver.
```

> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
title: Gardener Resource Manager
description: Set of controllers with different responsibilities running once per Seed and once per Shoot.
---
```
